---
title: 1.看图说话--2001
createTime: 2025/05/24 10:14:57
permalink: /kyEnglish/onebig/3q16k7jq/
---
## 音频

假装这儿事音频第一个

## 正文

​&emsp;​&emsp;​		① When we use the word "love", we do not  simply mean an attraction to a person of the opposite sex which is a very narrow definition of the word.

② The picture below illustrates the real meaning of love, by stressing the fact that love is emotional strength, which can support us no matter how dark the world around us becomes.

③ As a matter of fact, throughout history people of many different cultures have regarded love as the most sublime of human emotions.

​&emsp;​&emsp;​		④ Take an example to illustrate the power of love.

⑤ We should remember how Chinese people of all nationalities responded to the call to help the victims of the deadly earthquake in Sichuan Province in 2008.

⑥ Although their incomes were low by international standards, people all over the country did not hesitate to donate whatever they could — be it money or goods — to help their needy fellow citizens.

⑦ Furthermore, they did this with no thought of gain or reward.

​&emsp;​&emsp;​		⑧ It is my view that the best way to show love is to help people who are more unfortunate than we are.

⑨ We should always be ready to give a helping hand to those who are in trouble, no matter whether they are family members or complete strangers.

⑩ Only by doing so can we help to make the world a better place, for, as the picture shows, the darker the shadows of sorrow become, the more brightly the lamp of love shines.

