---
title: 10.材料作文
createTime: 2025/05/26 16:17:37
permalink: /kyEnglish/onebig/fth7xeui/
---
## 音频

假装这儿事音频第三个

## 正文

① Many of us, whatever our field of work, fear that showing uncertainty can damage our image — and we may compensate by expressing overconfidence in an attempt to win trust. 

② But in many situations people are willing to trust those who can admit they don't have a definitive answer. 

③ Recent studies found that communicating uncertainty and even admitting our mistakes is not harmful and can even be beneficial to trustworthiness. 

④ So, failure in "expertise" can be compensated by higher integrity and benevolence. 

⑤ When communicating uncertainty in a transparent way, we are perceived as less biased and willing to tell the truth.

------



​&emsp;​&emsp;​		① At present, some of us fear that communicating uncertainty is detrimental to us. 

② In this excerpt, the writer argues that the majority of people are inclined to trust those who are honest. 

③ I agree with the author's idea.

​&emsp;​&emsp;​		④ Honesty is the most important characteristic for success in life. 

⑤ Only by consistently proving himself honest can a person earn the precious trust of family members and business partners. 

⑥ In the business world, for instance, people without honesty sooner or later earn the bad reputation they deserve. 

⑦ I have observed how destructive a certain person's dishonesty has been to his chances for success, and how his relationships with other people are purely superficial, based only on self-interest.

​&emsp;​&emsp;​		⑧ Honesty is a very valuable asset, which is easy to lose but hard to gain. 

⑨ In the long run, an honest person will earn the love and respect of the people closest to him or her, which, in my opinion, is the greatest measure of a successful life. 

⑩ Just as an old saying goes, "It takes years to build trust, and a few seconds to destroy it"

