---
title: 2.看图说话--2002
createTime: 2025/05/24 10:15:45
permalink: /kyEnglish/onebig/zxdocvwl/
---
## 音频

假装这儿事音频第二个

## 正文
::: center
Cultures  — National and International 
:::

​&emsp;​&emsp;​		① The picture vividly depicts a lovely American girl in traditional Chinese costume with a sweet smile on her face.

② She wears ribbons, necklaces and other accessories that are characteristic of the clothes of a certain Chinese minority group.

③ Undoubtedly, the costume has added oriental charm to her beautiful features.

​&emsp;​&emsp;​		④ What the picture conveys goes far beyond merely a new fashion trend.

⑤ In fact, it carries cultural implications as well.

⑥ The fact that people from different countries are attracted to the mysterious Chinese culture indicates that to some extent a culture can be accepted, respected, appreciated and shared internationally.

⑦ In other words, a nations unique culture can become international through worldwide economic and culture exchange.

⑧ Since the trend of globalization has become irresisitible, increasing cultural exchange can effectively improve mutual understanding and friendship between countries.

​&emsp;​&emsp;​		⑨ It is my view that national culture should be preserved and cherished as a priceless spiritual treasure.

⑩ Meanwhile, there are good reasons to advocate internationalized culture for those ideas from other cultures, though controversial or even absurd at first sight, can in the long run provide a different perspective for us to observe the world.

⑪ Nevertheless, when we are confronted with a different culture, we should be sensible enough to absorb its virtues and to resist its dark side.

⑫ Only in this way can we promote cultural development positively and make our world multidimensional, colorful and vigorous.

