---
title: 4.看图说话--2006
createTime: 2025/05/26 15:52:58
permalink: /kyEnglish/onebig/gdvadtd5/
---
## 音频

假装这儿事音频第四个

## 正文

​&emsp;​&emsp;​		① As is vividly depicted in the photos above, Beckham, the smart British football superstar, is enjoying a striking popularity among adolescents.

② In the first picture, Beckham's name appears on a young man's face.

③ The caption indicates that worship for an idol is written on his face.

④ In the second photograph, another young person is in a barbershop getting his haircut in Beckham's chic style.

⑤ We are informed that he is spending 300 yuan imitating his idol's haircut .

​&emsp;​&emsp;​		⑥ Undoubtedly, the pictures subtly reflect the social phenomenon of idol worship prevalent among teenagers nowadays.

⑦ Briefly speaking, young people are inclined to idolize the people who excel in appearance, intelligence or talent.

⑧ Beckham represents the image of a sports hero, whose handsome appearance and unparalleled football skills are passionately adored by all the sports fans.

⑨ Likewise, several teenage girls won their fame overnight in the 2005 Super Girls contest in China, which provoked noisy nationwide debate on the value and harm of admiring these idols.

​&emsp;​&emsp;​		⑩ In my opinion, idolatry ,a thought-provoking social phenomenon, is a double-edged sword which can exert profound influence for either good or bad on the growth of young people.

⑪ If we simply worship idols by imitating their hairstyle or pursuing fashions unreasonably, the obsession will certainly waste a great deal of our time and money, endangering the efficiency of our study or work.

⑫ On the contrary, if we endeavor to improve ourselves by bridging the gap between our models and us, we will lead a positive and fruitful life. 

⑬ Accordingly, the latter attitude should be adopted to direct our way of life.

