---
title: 6.看图说话--2009
createTime: 2025/05/26 16:02:06
permalink: /kyEnglish/onebig/p8ad1nr0/
---
## 音频

假装这儿事音频第六个

## 正文

​&emsp;​&emsp;​		① As is symbolically illustrated in the cartoon, a large number of people are surfing on line within a stretching spider web, either to entertain themselves or to meet the needs of work.

② It seems rather ironic to present people separated from each other by the spider web when they attempt to communicate.

③ Undoubtedly, the spider web serves as a symbol of the Internet, both connecting people and isolating them from each other.

​&emsp;​&emsp;​		④ The impressive metaphorical portrayal subtly reveals the duality of the relationship between man and the Internet.

⑤ On the one hand, there is no denying that the Internet is currently one of the most efficient media used for interpersonal communication.

⑥ As a college student, I get on line every day to discuss news with other people on BBS, to study English by registering for web courses, and to chat freely with my friends through MSN Messenger.

⑦ But on the other hand, a good many people admit that they are too addicted to the Internet to maintain face to face contact with their friends and colleagues.

⑧ Once having indulged in the fictitious world, people feel reluctant to approach others and to concentrate on real life.

⑨ That's why some people have lost the skill of direct contact and become alienated from others.

​&emsp;​&emsp;​		⑩ Hence, it is necessary for us to use the Internet in a reasonable way and refrain from overindulgence.

⑪ After all, the Internet was invented to connect you and me, and to bring conveniences to our life rather than setting barriers to keep people  beyond reach.
