---
title: 7.看图说话--2011
createTime: 2025/05/26 16:07:01
permalink: /kyEnglish/onebig/gcroyrwb/
---
## 音频

假装这儿事音频第三个

## 正文

​&emsp;​&emsp;​		① As is subtly portrayed in the cartoon, two tourists are sightseeing on a small boat while discarding their picnic leftovers casually into a lake. 

② Unfortunately, the lake is already filled with litter and teeming with flowing rubbish like plastic containers, fish bones, banana peels, watermelon rinds bottles, tins, food wrappings, and so on. 

③ And below the drawing, there is a caption which says :"after" the travel or "me" in the travel.

​&emsp;​&emsp;​		④ From the portrayal, we can conclude that the painter wants to convey such a message: a good many scenic spots are flooded with visitors, who spoil the beauty of nature by creating and leaving behind God-knows-how-much trash. 

⑤ On the one hand, tourism, as a multibillion-dollar business, is booming everywhere. 

⑥ Some people, under the belief that tourism serves as an engine of economic growth, seem to ignore its negative effects on the environment. 

⑦ Nevertheless, these are not concerns that we can shrug off lightly. 

⑧ On the other hand, tourism has exerted great pressure on the environment we are living in : our water is polluted, our ecological system is disturbed, and our natural resources have been excessively used.

​&emsp;​&emsp;​		⑨ Undoubtedly, tourism cannot be banned in any country, as it does help to shore up the economy in places which have few sources of income. 

⑩ However, the main point is that the unchecked growth of the travel business may render the development of an economy unsustainable. 

⑪ It is high time that we enhanced people's awareness to rectify this by taking environmental protection into consideration.
